Add `screenshot` option to Extract (#2149)
browserbase/stagehand: .changeset/extract-screenshot-option.md

---
"@browserbasehq/stagehand": minor
---

> Add a `screenshot` option to `extract()` that sends the current viewport screenshot with the accessibility tree for AI SDK LLM extraction.

Author: ```suggestion
Added a `screenshot` option to `extract()` that sends the current viewport screenshot with the a11y tree for extraction.
```
